BP-2735: Release notes (2026-07-07) (#333)
SpecterOps/bloodhound-docs: docs/resources/release-notes/2026-07-07.mdx

---
title: 2026-07-07 Release Notes
description: Learn about new features, enhancements, and fixed issues in BloodHound.
sidebarTitle: "2026-07-07"
---

|     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Release** | **BloodHound** | **OpenHound** | **SharpHound** | **AzureHound** |
| 2026-07-07 | v9.4.0 | v0.2.10 | No release | No release |

<Tip>
  Use the filters on the right side of this page to narrow down the updates by component. You can select multiple filters at the same time to refine your results.
</Tip>

<Update label="BloodHound" description="New Feature" tags={["Data Collection"]}>
  {/*BED-6155*/}

>   ## ADCS ESC14 Scenario A Attack Paths

Author: PR for supporting docs: #325

  Analyze ADCS ESC14 Scenario A attack paths directly in BloodHound so you can identify explicit certificate-mapping abuse paths that rely on `altSecurityIdentities`.

  In [ESC14 Scenario A](https://posts.specterops.io/adcs-esc14-abuse-technique-333a004dc2b9), an attacker who can modify a target principal's `altSecurityIdentities` attribute, or who has equivalent control through the `Public-Information` property set, can add an explicit certificate mapping that points to a certificate they control and then authenticate as the target.

  This release adds graph coverage for the following edges, helping you surface certificate-based impersonation and privilege escalation paths that were previously harder to model and investigate:

  - [`WriteAltSecurityIdentities`](/resources/edges/write-alt-security-identities)
  - [`WritePublicInformation`](/resources/edges/write-public-information)
</Update>

<Update label="BloodHound" description="New Feature" tags={["API"]}>
  {/*BED-8608, BED-8609*/}

>   ## Graph ID Lookup APIs

Author: PR for supporting docs: #332

  Retrieve details for specific OpenGraph nodes and relationships by their graph-assigned integer IDs.

  BloodHound now exposes the following experimental OpenGraph API endpoints:

  - [`GET /api/v2/nodes/{node_id}`](/reference/opengraph-experimental/get-node-by-graph-node-id)
  - [`GET /api/v2/relationships/{relationship_id}`](/reference/opengraph-experimental/get-relationship-by-graph-relationship-id)
</Update>

<Update label="BloodHound" description="Enhancement" tags={["Administration"]}>
  {/*BED-8518, BED-8519, BED-8588*/}
  ## Auditor Role Access Improvements

  Allow auditors to review **File Ingest** activity and **SSO Configuration** details without granting edit permissions.

  Auditors can now access these administration views in a read-only state while actions, such as uploading files or creating providers, remain restricted to [roles](/manage-bloodhound/auth/users-and-roles) with write access.
</Update>

<Update label="BloodHound" description="Enhancement" tags={["Administration"]}>
  {/*BED-8189*/}

>   ## Updated Default Admin Email Address

Author: PR for supporting docs: #303

  Use a more appropriate default admin email address in BloodHound Community configuration and example files.

  BloodHound Community now uses `admin@example.com` instead of `spam@example.com` for the [`default_admin.email_address`](/manage-bloodhound/bh-config#default_admin-email_address) configuration property and related examples.

  <Warning>
    Existing workflows that still rely on the previous email address for initial login may need to be updated.
  </Warning>
</Update>

<Update label="OpenHound" description="Enhancement" tags={["Data Collection"]}>
  {/*BED-8777, BED-8747, BED-8746, BED-8744, BED-8693*/}
  ## More Resilient OpenHound Operations

  Keep long-running OpenHound jobs alive, identify deployed client versions more easily, and troubleshoot failures with clearer logs.

  OpenHound now:

  - Continues checking in during active collections to reduce unintended job timeouts
  - Continues collection more often when single-object errors occur
  - Handles deferred pipeline failures more consistently
  - Reports its version to BloodHound for visibility on the **Manage Clients** page

>   - Uses human-readable plain-text logs by default for file and stdout output, while keeping structured JSON as an opt-in format

Author: PR for supporting docs: #337

</Update>

<Update label="BloodHound" description="Enhancement" tags={["Zone Builder"]}>
  {/*BED-8303, BED-7739, BED-8520*/}

>   ## Privilege Zone Rule Authoring Improvements

Author: PR for supporting docs: #336

  Build and validate Privilege Zone [rules](/analyze-data/privilege-zones/rules) with less rework when you switch rule types or refine Cypher-based rules.

  BloodHound now:

  - Preserves rule state when you switch between Cypher and Object ID rule types
  - Prompts you to rerun Cypher when the query changes
  - Warns you with a confirmation dialog before saving a Cypher-based rule that returns no results

    <Note>
      This helps when you expect a rule to return results after future data collection or changes in your environment.

>     </Note>

Author: Incorrect. The indentation is deliberate so that the note renders subordinate to the last list item instead.

</Update>

<Update label="BloodHound" description="Enhancement" tags={["Accessibility"]}>
  {/*BED-7222, BED-7215, BED-7212, BED-8290*/}
  ## Accessibility Improvements

  Navigate BloodHound with clearer focus states, more consistent semantic structure, and better screen-reader labeling across key workflows.

  This release improves accessible names and labels in administration forms, strengthens visible keyboard focus behavior, and refines headings and page structure to better support assistive technologies.
</Update>

<Update label="BloodHound" description="Enhancement" tags={["Cypher"]}>
  {/*BI-1814*/}

>   ## Higher Memory Limits for Cypher Queries

Author: @StephenHinck, do you have any feedback on the wording for the increased memory limit?

Reviewer: I'd remove the last line altogether, the details aren't necessarily relevant, are inaccurate, and may change again in the future. The point is that the limit is higher than before.

Author: Done

  <img src="/assets/enterprise-edition-pill-tag.svg" alt="BloodHound Enterprise logo" style={{ width: "25%" }}/>

  Run more complex Cypher queries in BloodHound Enterprise and return larger **Entity Panel** sections than the previous default allowed.

  This release raises the [`graph_query_memory_limit`](/manage-bloodhound/bh-config#graph_query_memory_limit) setting for user-generated Cypher queries from 2GB to 4GB in hosted enterprise environments.
</Update>

<Update label="BloodHound" description="Enhancement" tags={["Zone Builder"]}>
  {/*BED-8276, BED-8781*/}

>   ## Variable Analysis Mode

Author: PR for supporting docs: #335

  <img src="/assets/enterprise-edition-pill-tag.svg" alt="BloodHound Enterprise logo" style={{ width: "25%" }}/>

  See Privilege Zone updates reflected in your graph faster.

>   When you enable **Variable Analysis Mode** on the **Early Access** page, BloodHound Enterprise can skip post-processing after Privilege Zone changes and re-run only the analysis stages needed to update the graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When you enable **Variable Analysis Mode** on the **Early Access** page, BloodHound Enterprise can skip post-processing after Privilege Zone changes and re-run only the analysis stages needed to update tagged objects and findings.
```

---
title: 2026-07-07 Release Notes
description: Learn about new features, enhancements, and fixed issues in BloodHound.
sidebarTitle: "2026-07-07"
---

|     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Release** | **BloodHound** | **OpenHound** | **SharpHound** | **AzureHound** |
| 2026-07-07 | v9.4.0 | v0.2.11 | No release | No release |

<Tip>
  Use the filters on the right side of this page to narrow down the updates by component. You can select multiple filters at the same time to refine your results.
</Tip>

<Update label="BloodHound" description="New Feature" tags={["Data Collection"]}>
  {/*BED-6155*/}

>   ## ADCS ESC14 Scenario A Attack Paths

Reviewer: Add a note that new SHarpHound is required for this

Author: New? I was told we're not doing a SharpHound release this cycle.

Author: Removed from release notes since we won't have the necessary SharpHound release to enable.

  This release adds graph coverage for the following edges, helping you surface certificate-based impersonation and privilege escalation paths that were previously harder to model and investigate:

  - [`WriteAltSecurityIdentities`](/resources/edges/write-alt-security-identities)
  - [`WritePublicInformation`](/resources/edges/write-public-information)
</Update>

<Update label="BloodHound" description="New Feature" tags={["API"]}>
  {/*BED-8608, BED-8609*/}
  ## Graph ID Lookup APIs

  Retrieve details for specific OpenGraph nodes and relationships by their graph-assigned integer IDs.

  BloodHound now exposes the following experimental OpenGraph API endpoints:

  - [`GET /api/v2/nodes/{node_id}`](/reference/opengraph-experimental/get-node-by-graph-node-id)
  - [`GET /api/v2/relationships/{relationship_id}`](/reference/opengraph-experimental/get-relationship-by-graph-relationship-id)
</Update>

<Update label="BloodHound" description="Enhancement" tags={["Administration"]}>
  {/*BED-8518, BED-8519, BED-8588*/}
  ## Auditor Role Access Improvements

>   Allow auditors to review **File Ingest** activity and **SSO Configuration** details without granting edit permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Allow auditors to review **File Ingest** activity and **SSO Configuration** details.
```

FYI, the reason I'm changing this verbiage is because you cannot assign specific permissions to a user or role, and you cannot assign more than one role to a user. So the changes are specifically, "things are now available to USERS with ROLE".
